test: add more tests (#88)
formancehq/stack: events/README.md

# Events

> This repository centralize events schemas across Formance Stack.
> For each stack version, a repository "vX" contains all related events.
> 
> Each "vX" folder contains a "base" folder containing the base event format, common to all services.
> This base event contains a "type" property, and an "app" property, denoting the format of the "payload" property.
> 
> For example, an event with "type" == "SAVED_PAYMENT" and app == "payments", must have a payload matching schema in file payments/SAVED_PAYMENT.yaml.

Reviewer: Small mistakes :)
```suggestion
This repository centralizes event schemas across the Formance Stack. For each stack version, a repository named "vX" contains all related events.

Each "vX" folder contains a "base" folder that contains the base event format, which is common to all services. This base event includes a "type" property and an "app" property, which denote the format of the "payload" property.

For example, an event with "type" == "SAVED_PAYMENT" and "app" == "payments" must have a payload matching schema in the file "payments/SAVED_PAYMENT.yaml".
```
